---
layout: default
title: "sample"
description: ""
category: sample
tags: []
---

<article class="main-article">
    <h1 class="title">Bill Gates joins Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking in saying artificial intelligence is scary</h1>
    
    <div class="signature">
        <author>chen kang</author>
        <date>2014-10-10</date>
    </div>
    <hr>
    <p class="first-paragraph">
        Dn response to Reddit user beastcoin’s question, “How much of an existential threat do you think machine superintelligence will be and do you believe full end-to-end encryption for all internet activity [sic] can do anything to protect us from that threat (eg. the more the machines can’t know, the better)??” Gates wrote this (he didn’t answer the second part of the question):
    </p>
    <blockquote>
        I am in the camp that is concerned about super intelligence. First the machines will do a lot of jobs for us and not be super intelligent. That should be positive if we manage it well. A few decades after that though the intelligence is strong enough to be a concern. I agree with Elon Musk and some others on this and don’t understand why some people are not concerned.
    </blockquote>
    <p>
        This particular edition of Dive Into HTML5 is advanced by the diveintomark team. We work hard to add and update content, links, APIs, and actively maintain this fine resource; refreshing and reflecting the relevant and current state of HTML5, just as Mark Pilgrim did during his tenure. We attribute this work in the manner specified by Mark, and we make modifications to the site's content. We do not in any way suggest that he endorses us or our use of his work. We hope you do.
    </p>
</article>

<div class="comments">
    {% include JB/comments-providers/duoshuo %}
</div>
